README.md, before:

## odin-landing-page

Landing page project from The Odin Project

I have broken up the landing page into 3 main sections:

1. ### Header - background colour #1F2937

   - [x] logo
     - an icon maybe from flaticon \* <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/user" title="user icons">User icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>
   - [x] nav bar with hyperlinks
         -- change <a> tag colors
   - [x] position nav bar to the right
   - [x] 50% width quick intro with sign up button, 50% width image on the side

2. ### Body

   - slideshow of some of my interests in picture form, from unsplash, pixabay, pexels
     - liverpool fc
     - watching sports
     - reading
     - programming
   - quote section
   - call to action
     - follow along with me, as i learn to programming..."follow me" leads to twitter account

3. ### Footer
   - copyright @ Sihle Ndlovu

Here is an example of said landing page <insert image here>

![inspiration of landing page](c:users\sihle\coding\repos\odin-landing-page\01.png)

![inspiration of landing page](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/81a5d553f4073e593d23a6ab00d50eef8620796d/foundations/html_css/project/imgs/01.png)

## git branches will be named and used as follows

1. main

   - nav bar and .home section of page
   - any and all items, all other styling and features of above shall be completed in this branch

2. faqs

   - insert the 4 images under figure with fig captions describing what the above images are
   - each depicting one of the following:
     -- liverpool fc
     -- watching sports
     -- reading
     -- programming
   - space and everything

3. quote

   - my favourite quote
   - and little citation of who said the quote

4. call-to-action
   - little message and contact me button on the side

---

The page can be filled with real or fictitious content

Photo credit

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@mahdi17?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Md Mahdi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/person-in-white-and-red-soccer-jersey-kicking-soccer-ball-lQpFRPrepQ8?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@clemhlrdt?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Clément Hélardot</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/black-and-silver-laptop-computer-on-table-95YRwf6CNw8?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>
  programming
- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@finn_staygold?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Finn</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/a-stadium-filled-with-lots-of-red-seats-J_R1BJtd_NU?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>
  anfield

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@lloydkearney?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Lloyd Kearney</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/a-person-holding-a-red-and-white-flag-in-front-of-a-large-building-jFyVSm5jMlY?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@priscilladupreez?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Priscilla Du Preez 🇨🇦</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/person-holding-white-printer-paper-4Gi3H-4evlk?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@hellodimeji?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Oladimeji Ajegbile</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/man-reading-inside-room-DNVNvFE5oms?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@sonance?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Viktor Forgacs</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/man-sitting-beside-cup-of-coffee-x7h5HLsBYwo?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@jimmy_conover?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Jimmy Conover</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/people-watching-baseball-SEQ2VI0KI6A?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

Commit message:

updated .md with requirements that still need to be done

README.md, after:

## odin-landing-page

Landing page project from The Odin Project

I have broken up the landing page into 3 main sections:

1. ### Header - background colour #1F2937

   - [x] logo
     - an icon maybe from flaticon \* <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/user" title="user icons">User icons created by Freepik - Flaticon</a>
   - [x] nav bar with hyperlinks
         -- change <a> tag colors
   - [x] position nav bar to the right
   - [x] 50% width quick intro with sign up button, 50% width image on the side

2. ### Body

   - [] slideshow of some of my interests in picture form, from unsplash, pixabay, pexels
     - [x] liverpool fc
     - [x] watching sports
     - [x] reading
     - [x] programming
   - [] quote section
   - [] call to action
     - [x] sign up to blah b;ah blah
     - [] follow along with me, as i learn to programming..."follow me" leads to twitter account

3. ### Footer
   - copyright @ Odin Project & Sihle Ndlovu

Here is an example of said landing page <insert image here>

![inspiration of landing page](c:users\sihle\coding\repos\odin-landing-page\01.png)

![inspiration of landing page](https://cdn.statically.io/gh/TheOdinProject/curriculum/81a5d553f4073e593d23a6ab00d50eef8620796d/foundations/html_css/project/imgs/01.png)

## git branches will be named and used as follows

1. main

   - nav bar and .home section of page
   - any and all items, all other styling and features of above shall be completed in this branch

2. faqs

   - insert the 4 images under figure with fig captions describing what the above images are
   - each depicting one of the following:
     -- liverpool fc
     -- watching sports
     -- reading
     -- programming
   - space and everything

3. quote

   - my favourite quote
   - and little citation of who said the quote

4. call-to-action
   - little message and contact me button on the side

## Things that still need to be done

1. Home section

   - [] thought needs to be given into what to put into the content for the paragraph
   - [] img needs to be centered on both axis and border radius needs to be checked

2. About section/images

   - [] need to center on both axis, <p> needs to be below the image, and bold

3. Quote section
   - [] fix the author of quote, below quote

---

Photo credit

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@mahdi17?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Md Mahdi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/person-in-white-and-red-soccer-jersey-kicking-soccer-ball-lQpFRPrepQ8?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@clemhlrdt?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Clément Hélardot</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/black-and-silver-laptop-computer-on-table-95YRwf6CNw8?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>
  programming
- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@finn_staygold?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Finn</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/a-stadium-filled-with-lots-of-red-seats-J_R1BJtd_NU?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>
  anfield

- Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@lloydkearney?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Lloyd Kearney</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/a-person-holding-a-red-and-white-flag-in-front-of-a-large-building-jFyVSm5jMlY?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@priscilladupreez?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Priscilla Du Preez 🇨🇦</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/person-holding-white-printer-paper-4Gi3H-4evlk?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@hellodimeji?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Oladimeji Ajegbile</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/man-reading-inside-room-DNVNvFE5oms?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@sonance?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Viktor Forgacs</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/man-sitting-beside-cup-of-coffee-x7h5HLsBYwo?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>

* Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@jimmy_conover?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Jimmy Conover</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/people-watching-baseball-SEQ2VI0KI6A?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a>
